Publish results as job summary (#266)
EnricoMi/publish-unit-test-result-action: README.md

|`check_name`|`"Unit Test Results"`|An alternative name for the check result.|
|`comment_title`|same as `check_name`|An alternative name for the pull request comment.|
|`comment_mode`|`update last`|The action posts comments to a pull request that is associated with the commit. Set to `create new` to create a new comment on each commit, `update last` to create only one comment and update later on, `off` to not create pull request comments.|

> |`job_summary`|`false`| When set to `true` the report summary is printed as markdown in file [`$GITHUB_STEP_SUMMARY`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/environment-variables#default-environment-variables)|

Reviewer: I am happy to have this default to `true`!

Author: If default is true, should we really make it configurable?

Reviewer: There is surely someone who does not want it.

> |`job_summary`|`false`| When set to `true` the report summary is printed as markdown in file [`$GITHUB_STEP_SUMMARY`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/environment-variables#default-environment-variables)|

Reviewer: The `$GITHUB_STEP_SUMMARY` bit is a technical detail people should not care about.

What counts is that the results are published as a job summary.

```suggestion
|`job_summary`|`false`| When set to `true`, the results are published as part of the [summary page](https://github.blog/2022-05-09-supercharging-github-actions-with-job-summaries/) of the workflow run.|
```
